next to 10 the you H Warriors still
undefeated and now wack champions after
an amazing win over Boise State and
there are major kudos for Colt and when
was the last time you saw this at Aloha
Stadium even Honolulu's mayor ran onto
the field will have the postgame party
with the fans and the team and what's up
with the heavy rain on Oahu and Maui guy
has your weekend weather update
and now first championship the nation
was watching and a sold-out crowd turned
up for a shot at sitting in on history
Hawaii took on the only other undefeated
team in the wac with a championship on
the line Boise was first to strike but
with the Warriors first touchdown Colt
Brennan made history and you H never
looked back after four quarters of
battle the game ended with a simple snap
June Jones getting soaked by a squad and
fans hitting the field at Aloha Stadium
tonight Hawaii is celebrating with a
simple message
right
all right good evening everybody I'm
keahi 10 I'm Kim janala it is a night
for the history book and the night that
could change the Warriors future before
the clock had even run out fans were on
their way to rush the field and the
sports world was buzzing about bowl game
possibilities let's get right to it with
the highlights Hawaii started off its
championship question record fashion
Colt Brennan aired out his first TD pass
in the first two Brian Grice Mullen it
was his 120 second career touchdown pass
which is a new NCAA record the colt was
far from done you aged LED at the half
1917 in the third quarter Boise State
got back in the game Taylor darpa the
quick strike is the Broncos gun in the
end zone then Hawaii not done on
national TV Brennan shined throughout
the game his in his return from injury
he threw 495 yards and five touchdowns
his final touchdown pass went to CJ
Hawthorne in the third for a 3927 lead
which became the final score Hawaii
finished the wac season 8 and 0 with the
conference crown
this was of course the loudest you saw
rowdiest crowd ever 50,000 fans the vast
majority wearing you H green or black
fired up before the game and they went
nuts after the game when it was over
they rushed the field police made a few
arrests but their priority was
protecting the goalposts and keeping the
crowd from tearing them down in all
still a somewhat restrained celebration
on the field now as we've told you
before next week's game versus
Washington has already sold out if the
Warriors win that game here's what still
needs to happen for us to get a BCS bowl
game the most logical thing would be
that the Warriors need to finish in the
top 12 of the BCS rankings right now the
wires are ranked 15th and will most
likely move up when the new rankings
come out on Sunday here's where it gets
tricky the Warriors can also work their
way into one of the BCS games if they go
undefeated and ranked somewhere in the
top 16 however you H would need to be
ranked higher than a champion of a
conference that has an annual automatic
berth in one of the games and now on to
the mass exit tonight as 50,000 people
head home after the game here's what it
looked like just after eight o'clock
tonight outside the stadium parking lot
a slow and orderly exit some fans told
us traffic was actually better than
other games because security was
prepared for the big crowds but others
did run into trouble earlier today at
one point there was a two hour waiting
line just to get into the stadium
parking lot k Jimmy nines Tim Sokka hara
has a story before anyone saw any green
on the field they saw a lot of red on
the roads red as in brake lights cars
were literally stopped on the freeways
around the stadium
we're waiting in line from ten o'clock
and we cannot get in hello officers
directed traffic but it didn't seem to
do much good this morning oh it was a
long trip I started out that award
center I was driving my moped okay came
up Sony Boulevard it just knocked off
and died even walking in his moped he
still made better time than the cars I
think there's a bus several hundred ohm
yards up there I would have been right
in that area still impatient drivers had
their own tactics to be traffic namely
cutting in line when you're driving down
you see it the long line and you are in
the front and you cut in the local
people that don't let you in did he
didn't feel bad that it put other honest
drivers behind your right at the top of
this hill right here but see everybody
emerging it took about two hours Boise
State fans were also on the same playing
field when it came to traffic it's
pretty much stopped most of the time
stop move like four feet to stop
somewhere by about 12-15 the parking
lots around the stadium filled up about
an hour earlier than expected people
used alternate lots that were a little
farther away then walk to the stadium
and by two o'clock the traffic around
the stadium was virtually gone the only
thing left to do was have some fun Tim
soccer hora kgmb nine news and some of
those highlights I was talking about
didn't quite match up we're going to
have that tape for you later in the show